xxx running of the grade 1 Arlington
million tomorrow and I'm enjoying a
beautiful afternoon here in the park at
Arlington and you know you don't have to
miss out on wagering on a race anywhere
here you have your phone you can bet on
fast bet mobile that's what I'm going to
do be able to enjoy all the festivities
well the Arlington million what a tough
race I've got my friend here to see if
we can sort out the handicapping of this
one I think the Europeans are extremely
strong this year in an Arlington million
that probably doesn't have the standouts
like we've seen with Gio Ponti in the
past and is one of the Europeans that
I'm going to put on top and that is
Columbian for trainer John Gadsden this
horse was only seven lengths behind the
likes of So You Think and Carlton House
these horses over here would be one two
five in the Arlington millions so you
think seven lengths I think you can make
that up over here on this turf course I
like him on top another horse I'm going
to take a long look at a good friend of
ours we've seen him you heard Harlington
a lot and that is Wigmore Hall he
couldn't look any better than he does
training here it's almost like he gets
back to Arlington and who wouldn't this
beautiful place and he is as happy as
can be last year a troubled trip in the
million he was fourth feet only two
lengths behind the likes of Kate Blanco
and Gio Ponti that puts him right in the
mix here he was second the year before
in the secretary it looks great trains
great he obviously loves it here at
Arlington a couple of the other
Europeans crackerjack King I'm not quite
sure I love the way looks on the track
but I'm just not quite sure about his
Italian form if he could maybe transfer
that over a horse that he's been running
against apse sorry is another one I kind
of like a little bit - and these two
have sort of faced each other a couple
times so I think there may be just a
tear below the likes of Colombian and
Wigmore Hall well horse is going to take
a lot of attention as far as the
Americans go that is little Mike the
great one winner at Churchill Downs of
the Woodford Reserve I just wonder if he
will go a mile and a quarter he likes to
be out there in the lead I think he's
going to get a little bit of competition
out there on the lead as well we're
seeing the return of last year's
Secretariat winner treasure Beach for
Aiden O'Brian coming here to the
Arlington million he's been off form but
if it's here at Arlington that wakes him
up he ran the best race of his life here
last year in the Secretariat then he
certainly fits with all these other
Europeans as well so as you can see I'm
siding with the euros for the
International Festival of racing here
for the Arlington million I'm Jill Byrne
and good luck